hello guys and welcome to my channel I
have a guest today hard for anyone thank
you so much for joining me this is her
second videos and channel cities oh it's
always a guest great so um purnima
actually she changed our lives I think I
talked about in a previous video in 2015
we had an interview with her and she
believed in our startup and she brought
us to the state so I moved in this is
how the whole story started and I have a
video about how to start your company
and it talked about that magic that
happened in 2015 with four new and today
um she's really she's really valuable
like in terms of mentorship she gave us
a little valuable advice and I wanted
you to get some information from her as
well and we're going to talk about
communication today because I'm a
coroner and I came to the stage of 2015
my English was fluent but I still have
some difficulties communicating with
Americans because sometimes I think
maybe my accent is not too good maybe
they have difficulties understanding
where me sometimes I forget words and
this fear it really builds up in the new
lose confidence and then you say weird
things and I just wanted to talk about
one of your insights
how to manage you peer joking pointless
yeah well in general whether you are a
foreigner or you've been speaking the
language for many many years there is a
natural fear around public speaking or
speaking up because worried about saying
the right thing you worry about what
somebody's would think about depending
on how you say it and you also don't
want to sound like you're always talking
about yourself so all those things kind
of wrap up and cause people to have a
natural fear of public speaking in fact
it's the number one fear out there yeah
and so it's natural and just because
you're coroner or English isn't your
first language it's okay you don't have
to feel like you're the only one there
are lots of people that experience this
yeah very good is a picture of
immigrants with that exactly yeah so
then when it comes to actually getting
over that fear I coach a lot of folks
and tell them that the number one thing
that you can do is practice and it can
be simple it can be as simple as having
a conversation with somebody on a daily
basis it can mean getting up and doing a
presentation maybe once a month or once
a quarter and it's okay if you mess up
it's okay it's not perfect it's just
getting into the rhythm and getting that
practice and as you do it you start to
develop so much more confidence and you
see this over time and what about like
years American do you have differences
when you're communicating with an
American or a Florida like me for
example
co-founders do you have that I don't
know how to call into like oh he's in
Florida I need to adjust my language and
UTC say words do you get that I think
regardless like I've spoken all over the
world and what I've noticed is even when
I'm speaking in Europe or I'm speaking
in Asia people may not understand the
dialect so I'm very cautious about the
type of catchphrases I use because I
want to make sure that people understand
and I'm not saying something that they
might be like what does that mean right
so the first is just making sure that
you are saying something it's not too
popular or something you're not popular
enough but it's so that they understand
what that phrase is and then the second
honestly is just learning to speak more
slowly then it doesn't have to be so
slow yeah they're like hurry up now just
like slow and really taking the time to
pronounce the words and that way people
regardless of what language you're
speaking or regardless of like you know
their own hearing can understand what
you're saying but just becoming much
more cognizant of that and then I would
also say it's really important that you
have body language so we're not not just
what you're saying and how you're saying
it but really using your whole body to
express because oftentimes you know we
learn better or understand each other
even if we don't know each other's
languages through how we express our
size
the memo went to Thailand she barely
speaks English and she can't speak
English like in England because she's
efficient and she's afraid of that when
she comes to Thailand she understands
everybody everybody gets what she's
saying and I I kind of miss my English
in Thailand for example yeah yeah yeah
so body language is really important and
it also shows your confidence and I
think it really helps you when you
forget the word yeah exactly and if you
forget the word you know what's
interesting is nobody knows and so if
there are words that are too hard to
pronounce or that you don't know or you
forget just move on and find something
that's simpler oftentimes I found that
people who have accents are easier to
understand because of their choice of
words okay because it's always yeah
because they speak slower because they
really care about the audience even than
someone who may be 100 percent
proficient or a native in that language
because they pick harder words they
often speak above people's heads even
more they present concepts in a way
that's really confusing yeah so that
simplicity you can add a lot yeah cool
umm yeah so you have this chorus right
everybody who speaks English and yes
speaks alien speaks English as a foreign
language yeah exactly so once a year my
company is called engineer where
education company and once a year we
teach this course called confident
communicator course it's online so we
have students from around the world from
the US China India and so on participate
in the course and over the eight-week
time we walk you through all the
interpersonal skills that you need to
learn so just one-on-one communication
how to be effective in meeting how to
get feedback how to deal with some
conflict and then we also cover
presentation skills so how do you speak
up in public how do you put together a
quick talk whether it's five to seven
minutes and then we walk them through
the exercises have the practice you can
give them feedback so we just once a
year an extras coming up in February so
February 2017 will be the next time we
teach they are spirit teaching right yes
I'm where the instructors even I have
three other instructors who work with me
and then we also have some bonus modules
on accent reduction on negotiation
skills and on interview skills so we've
got a lot to offer in that course I
really like that you under the teach is
because I love your accent thank you
that's Texan
and if you listen to Bernie ball all the
time we can get some of her accent I'm
trying to go did you cool um thank you
so much that was really useful and I
think yeah it's very important not just
to reduce horizon we also like to
involve everything like words body
language it's really feel pretty helpful
and for all of you guys who are looking
for you know studying business
getting into fine universities that will
really help because every University was
conducted interview and they want to see
you as a person as a communicator or
whatever so make sure you do that okay
I'll leave a link below and make sure
you watch all the other videos recording
with everybody and thank you so much for
this one please like comment and
subscribe
[Music]
I felt like I could gain the ocean